My first visit to Nha Trang, the coastal city,Wwas
three years a80. It Was a pleasant and Imemorable
trip. Nha Trang, the capital of Khanhs Hoaf province,
has one of the Imost popular municipal beaches in
all of Vietnam, In Nha Trang, nature beauties are so
tempting. Waves crashing onto the cliffs; the soft
Sigh of the sea breeze; clean white sands and
turquoise watersi шон all Imakes for a stunning
landscapes, On my visit to Nha Trang, I used to get
Up early each morning to stroll along the beach a
chance to breath in the fresh sea air and enjoy the
Suniise across the Water,One attraction that
captivated me three years g0 and still i does is the
collection of small offshore islands. Hon Tre is the
largest of the islands, and Monkey island is, as the
naIme _Suggests,the home of hundreds of wild
Imonkeys. Yen island is known for its swifts nests.
Nha Trang is the city in hamoney: its fine Wweather,
favorite position and friendly people bring it a cerain
balance, Nha Trang is a great holiday destination. I
hope to have chance to come back.
